have you ever wanted to know what it
feels like to have your bottom
penetrated by the pointed bony
projections of a mythical animal of
course you do
this is max chameleon and this is little
chameleon welcome to the first audio
review for carnal chameleon with ya
so we're going to try this it's a little
bit different I'm getting sick and tired
of writing and that's cool i'll still be
doing some written things on the website
you know for the special subjects that
sort of thing but I figured we try to
reviews a lot more fun and the will of
course be transcripts available on the
website so that you know if you like
reading stuff that will be there this
just helps us stay a little bit more
motivated so up first we have the
unicorn horn by split peaches as you
know we hear carbon Community have a
thing for fantasy toys and of course
this toy being a unicorn horn it's a
fantasy fantasy toy
it was also a gift from our good friend
and transsexuals co-host curious so
thank you thank you can't a lot of fun
so what's going to unicorn horn
well you should be asking what unicorn
horn is going in you
unicorn horn by slip peaches is made out
of platinum silicon version that we have
is a six inch version but they also come
in eight inch in 11 inch version but oh
my goodness that is really big 11 inches
yeah i don't i don't think i said that i
prefer the small pony sized the unicorns
over the full-size unicorns this toy has
a great shape as you'd expect from a
unicorn horn it features basically two
rounded bands at twist along the outside
and paper a bit the quote-unquote point
is actually fairly rounded and not at
all Tucker inducing your corn also
features a nice layered base you'll end
up losing this mythical creature in your
Underwood i really like this toy the
shape is settled and very gentle for my
pains Cooper which we all know Mac that
yes yes we always talk about the pins
super the ribs are smooth and help
ripples it slides in
course they also twist in a screen
formation so the unicorn board can be
twisted one way easier insertion and the
other for fun sensation my favorite part
being tagged by my sweet little unicorn
nothing is more exciting than seeing
your coming at me with the horn attached
to the harness I bowed to my unicorn
goddess you want you tell us a little
bit of what do you think well it's a
great little toy for both backend and
friend place for me i found it most
enjoyable in the back in play
that is to say it's still enjoyable in
the friend I just preferred in the back
as an amazing experience the blunt tip
made for easy entry into both back and
front and play the colors that story is
really awesome and love the metallic
look to any training a little sparkle
wish there was a little bit more Sparkle
but subtlety is always good bit more
unicorn magic
yeah I could be a little bit more
unicorn magic going in anatomy also have
some peaches also offers rainbow-colored
toys which is of course funny because
the whole thing with unicorns pooping
rainbows unicorns and rainbows and
sprinkles
yeah I actually quite enjoyed it
conclusions with peaches toys are right
up our alley beans fun colors and
perhaps a little less than a hundred
percent serious this is how we like our
toys the Unicorn is a great purchase
even if you don't plan on using it for
the bedroom you can always mount it in
your living room and talk about your
days is a unicorn hunter and for that i
do recommend the 11-inch yeah that's a
good point you want to go for the big
usually go for the big unicorns if
you're going to be taking them out so
that just about does it for us today
this is max community and this is Lily
chameleon remember always be yourself
unless you could be unicorn then
obviously you should we be a unicorn
well duh
thanks for listening to this karma
chameleon audio review pictures text and
links to this review can be found that
carnal community dot-com you enjoy
getting your sex talk down through audio
format you may also enjoy our podcast
the trisexual trisexual media.com you
can follow us on twitter i'm at Randy
chameleon lily is at
[Music]